Update kafka documentation (#192)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/reference/connectors/kafka-connector/setting-up-kafka.md

To use the Kafka connector, download and install [Apache Kafka](http://kafka.apache.org/downloads.html). Before you start configuring Kafka you also need the integration runtime and we refer to that location as `<PRODUCT_HOME>`.

> > **Note**: The Kafka connector has been tested with the following Kafka versions. For all available versions of Kafka that you can download, see https://kafka.apache.org/downloads. The recommended Java version is 11.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!!Note
    - The Kafka connector has been tested with the Kafka versions listed below. 
    - To access all downloadable versions of Kafka, see the [Kafka documentation](https://kafka.apache.org/downloads). 
    - The recommended version of Java is 11.
```
